new guide: multiple css masks (#39837)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_masking/multiple_masks/index.md

```css
mask:
  url(star.svg) bottom 2em right 4em / auto 2vw no-repeat padding-box
    content-box luminance,
  url(circle.svg) 100px 100px / 50% repeat-x border-box padding-box alpha;
```

If a single pair of `<length-percentage>` values is present, it sets the `mask-position` property, and the `mask-size` will be `auto`. If a layer includes both a `mask-size` and a `mask-position`, the `mask-size` property value must come after the `mask-position` property value and the values must be separated by a forward slash (`/`). The slash is required even if the `mask-size` is set to a value that is not a valid `mask-position` value.

```css example-bad
mask: url(star.svg) contain;
mask: url(star.svg) 10px 10px cover;
mask: url(star.svg) top right 100px 100px;
```

```css example-good
mask: url(star.svg) 10px 10px / cover;
mask: url(star.svg) top 100px right 100px;
mask: url(star.svg) top right / 100px 100px;
```

To include a `mask-size` in a mask layer using the `mask` shorthand, you must include a `mask-position` value with a slash immediately before it.

> [!WARNING]

> > Including both a size and position in a mask layer without including the slash between the two will invalidate the entire declaration.

Author: ```suggestion
> When including a size, always place it after a position followed by a slashto avoid invalidating the entire declaration.
```

```css
mask:
  url(star.svg) bottom 2em right 4em / auto 2vw no-repeat padding-box
    content-box luminance,
  url(circle.svg) 100px 100px / 50% repeat-x border-box padding-box alpha;
```

If a single pair of `<length-percentage>` values is present, it sets the `mask-position` property, and the `mask-size` will be `auto`. If a layer includes both a `mask-size` and a `mask-position`, the `mask-size` property value must come after the `mask-position` property value and the values must be separated by a forward slash (`/`). The slash is required even if the `mask-size` is set to a value that is not a valid `mask-position` value.

```css example-bad
mask: url(star.svg) contain;
mask: url(star.svg) 10px 10px cover;
mask: url(star.svg) top right 100px 100px;
```

```css example-good
mask: url(star.svg) 10px 10px / cover;
mask: url(star.svg) top 100px right 100px;
mask: url(star.svg) top right / 100px 100px;
```

To include a `mask-size` in a mask layer using the `mask` shorthand, you must include a `mask-position` value and a slash immediately before it.

> [!WARNING]

> > Including both a size and position in a mask layer without including the slash between the two will invalidate the entire declaration.

Reviewer: This text is getting repeated - also appears on line 177.

Author: I reworded rather than removed because i did want to reinforce this point.
